c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Tests.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Dal.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Core.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Dal.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\bin\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Core.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\obj\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\obj\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Tests.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp.Tests\obj\Debug\MvcNtierApp.Tests.pdb
