c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.dll.config
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.Core.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.Dal.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.Core.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\MvcNtierApp.Dal.pdb
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\obj\Debug\MvcNtierApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\obj\Debug\MvcNtierApp.dll
c:\users\dgalejev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcNtierApp\MvcNtierApp\obj\Debug\MvcNtierApp.pdb
